README.md, before:

# xoproto

![Open Source Hardware Certificate EG000001](./oshw_cert.png)

![Open Source Hardware Facts](./oshw_facts.png)

## Description
This is a proto board that doubles as a name tag or a conference badge. It is intended to be used to promote [Egypt Open Source Hardware](https://egoshw.com) community in events like [Techne Summit](https://alex.technesummit.com/2022) or university talks.

## Features
- Two shifted 2.54 mm through hole grids
- X SMD pads between through hole pads
- Area to write your name on

## Usage & example
Just make something and write your name on it.

## Pictures

![XOProto top view](./top.png)

![XOProto bottom view](./bottom.png)

## TODO
- [ ] Add link to competition
- [x] Get OSHW certificate
- [ ] Build and document examples

## Credits
- [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
- And I try my best to follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- [.gitignore](./.gitignore) was generated using [gitignore.io](https://www.toptal.com/developers/gitignore)

## License
This project is licensed under [TAPR OHL](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

chore: added THE community EgOSHW discord invite QR code

README.md, after:

# xoproto

![Open Source Hardware Certificate EG000001](./oshw_cert.png) ![Open Source Hardware Facts](./oshw_facts.png)

## Description
This is a proto board that doubles as a name tag or a conference badge. It is intended to be used to promote [Egypt Open Source Hardware](https://egoshw.com) community in events like [Techne Summit](https://alex.technesummit.com/2022) or university talks.

## Features
- Two shifted 2.54 mm through hole grids
- X SMD pads between through hole pads
- Area to write your name on

## Usage & example
1. Write your name on the badge
2. Make something cool on the proto area
3. Scan the QR code or follow [this link](https://go to discord.gg/6JUaeHdTsK)
4. Post what you make and chat with other cool members

## Pictures

![XOProto top view](./top.png)

![XOProto bottom view](./bottom.png)

## TODO
- [x] Add link to competition
- [x] Get OSHW certificate
- [ ] Build and document examples

## Credits
- [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
- And I try my best to follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
- [.gitignore](./.gitignore) was generated using [gitignore.io](https://www.toptal.com/developers/gitignore)

## License
This project is licensed under [TAPR OHL](./LICENSE)
